style?行为方式，风格!
bustle?忙碌，奔忙!
bustling?繁忙的，熙攘的!
elementary?基本的，初级的，基础的!
telling?难忘的，有力的!
lobby?大堂，大厅!
attach?连接，系，贴!
attendant?服务员，侍者，随从!
slot?狭缝，狭槽!
vigorously?用力地，精力充沛的!
tender?年幼的，温柔的!
not in the least?not at all!
find one's way?到达，进入，流入!
bang?猛敲，猛击!
exploratory?探索的!
harmless?not likely to cause harm!
phenomenon?现象!
initial?开始的，最初的!
assist?帮助!
insert?插入，嵌入!
somewhat?有点，稍微!
expectantly?期待地!
await?等待，等候!
on occasion?有时!
frown?皱眉!
neglect?忽视!
parental?父的，母的，父母的!
incident?事件!
relevant?有关的，切题的!
investigate?调查，探究!
throw light on?help people understand sth by providing new informaiton!
creativity?创造力!
anecdote?short amusing story about a particular person or event!
colleague?a person one works with!
desirable?worth wanting!
accomplish?manage to do 完成!
accomplishment?skill;successful completion; achievement!
in due course? when it is the right time. 到时候，在适当的时候!
sympathetically?同情地!
critical?very important; very serious or dangerous!
effectively?有效地!
self-reliance?acting without asking for support from others!
principal?(rather fml)main, chief!
rear?look after until fully grown up!
make up for ?repay with sth good, compensate for!
misdeed?a wrong or wicked act!
creative?resulting from newness of thought!
retrospect?review of a past course of events!
in retrospect?回顾!
artistic?relating to art!
intention?purpose!
well-intentioned?having good intentions  好意的!
observer?观察者，观察员!
come to sb's rescue?help sb who is having problems or difficulties!
clumsily?awkwardly and ungracefully  笨拙地!
clumsy?笨拙!
facility?ability to do sth. easily and well; equipment, aids, etc. which make it easy to do things!
gentleness?the quality of begin gentle!
mold?into a particular shape or form  塑造!
performance?the process of doing a job; the staging of a play, concert.!
tradition?a very old custom!
continual?happening again and again, repeated!
apply?适用，申请!
work on?try hard to produce or improve (sth)!
craft?skill, esp. with one's hand. 手艺，工艺!
reversal?complete change of order, direction or posision!
priority?sth that one must do before anything else; sth. that holds a high place among competing claims. 优先考虑的事情，重点!
bold?brave and confident, daring!
departure?action different from(what is usual or expected); an act of leaving!
inseparable?impossible to separate from sth. else!
evolve?(cause to)develop gradually!
summarize?make a shor account of the main points of sth!
originality?the quality of being new and different from anything existing!
independence?the state of being free or not controlled by another person, country, etc.!
contrast?差异，对比!
harbor?keep sth secretly in one's mind!
fearful?afraid. 害怕的，担心的!
comparable?fairly similar; equal to sth. in quality or importance.!
promote?help to grow or develop!
emerge?come out!
pick up?gain; learn!
overstate?state too strongly!
enormous?extremely large!
technological?技术的，工艺的!
innovation?(an example of) the introduction of sth new!
exaggerate?make sth seem larger, better, etc than it really is!
breakthrough?an important event or discovery!
valid?based on truth or sound reasoning!
foster?help the growth and development of!
worthwhile?worth doing, worth the trouble taken!
superior?better than average or than others of the same type!
ringer?one who rings hand bells or church bells!
confront?(of a problem, difficulty, etc.) face (sb) threateningly;(of a person) face and deal with(a problem, difficuly, etc.)!
be confronted with?面临,遭遇!
doorway?an opening into a building or room!
donation?money or goods given for a good cause!
kettle?metal container for boiling water or cooking things!
stand?n. a piece of furniture used for holding or supporting sth!
confusion?a state of uncertainty about what sth. means!
curiosity?a strong desire to know about sth!
stammer?speak with a tendency to repeat rapidly the same sound or syllable!
no-no?a way of behaving that is not acceptable!
deny?say that sth. is not true; refuse to admit or accept!
fill out?add information such as your name and address in (a form or document)!
fall into?belong to (a particular group of things that have similar qualities)!
bracket?one of the groups that people or things are divided into, according to a feature, such as income. 等级，档次!
nothing more than?only, just!
whim?a sudden feeling that you must have or do sth.!
attain?succeed in achieving, esp. after a lot of effort!
wear and tear?the damage to sth. resulting from normal use. 磨损，损耗!
dependable?that can be relied on to do what you want!
primarily?mainly!
minimal?very small in size or amount; as small as possible!
exceptionally?罕见地，非凡地!
exceptional? very unusual; unusually good!
energize?make sb. feel full of energy or enthusiasm!
cherish?love sth.sb very much and protect them!
poetry?poems in general!
fabricate?make up(a story) in order to deceive people!
tickle?amuse and interest; move one's fingers on a sensitive part of another's body in a way that makes them laugh!
vital?very important, necessary, or essential!
well(-)off?rich, or having enough money to live well!
emotional?connected with people's feelings!
pursuit?the act of looking for or trying to find!
out of place?feeling uncomfortable or not suitable in a particular situation!
dated?no longer modern or fashionable!
shortly after?soon after!
go south?be on a path to failure; be failing!
seemingly?in a way that appears to be true but may in fact not be!
abrupt?sudden and unexpected, often in an unpleasant way!
joly?give sb a sudden shock or surprise; move suddenly and roughly!
memorable?worth remembering or easy to remember!
in contrast to ?与…形成对比!
consequence?a result of sth. that has happened!
item?an individual thing, usu. one of several thing in a group or on a list!
commercial?an advertisement on TV or radio; relating to business!
high-end?expensive and of high quality!
focus?concentrate(one's attention, etc.) on sth!
affluent?rich enough to buy things for pleasure!
apron?sth worn to protect the front of one's clothes while cooking!
economically?relating to the economy; in a way that uses money, time, etc. without wasting any!
genuine?really, true!
go through?experience sth. difficult or unpleasant!
linger?last or continue for a long time; take a long time to leave or disappear!
countless?very many!
individual?person considered separately from their society!
sentiment?a short sentence or phrase expressing a wish or feeling; a feeling or an opinion, esp. one based on emotions!
bless?ask God to protect (sb or sth)!
thankful?pleased about sth good that has happened or sth bad that has not happened!
tangible?that can be clearly seen to exist; that you can touch and feel!
